This is the project for automated scoring articles.

##Scoring ideas 1. Two-stage learning strategy. In the first stage, use lstm to get the semantic score (basic score), coherence score and prompt relevant score, 2. In the second stage, use several scores and articles learned in the first stage Artificial features are spliced, and further learning is based on xgboost. Refer to the paper address for detailed scoring: https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.07744

##File introduction 1. score.py: semantic score, coherence score, prompt relevant score and overall score training and testing related content 2. util.py: some tool functions needed in the project, including reading training data to the standard Format (tfrecord, xgboost training numpy,), Document class, encapsulate the result of gec. 3. bert: The older version of bert-as-service. . Used to read tfrecord, 4. config: model training, inference, storage path parameter configuration file 5. server: service module. Expose the external interface

##Train 1, python3.5 score.py -model bsp #train basic score model 2, python3.5 score.py -model csp #train coherence score model 3, python3.5 score.py -model psp #train prompt relevant score model 4, python3.5 score.py -model osp #training the overall score model (when training or testing, you need to configure it in the relevant configuration file under config/* in advance)

##Preparation work This project uses tensorflow serving for service. The use of tensorflow serving is as follows (take basic_score model as an example):
1. docker pull tensorflow/serving 2. sudo docker run -p 8500:8500 -p 8501:8501 --name bsp_container -v /data/liujiawei/eilts_score/basic_score/SavedModel:/models/bsp -e MODEL_NAME=bsp -t tensorflow/serving & actual operation needs to load three tensorflow serving services, respectively enable basic score, coherence score and prompt-relevant score services 3. Check whether the started tensorflow serving service is successful: curl http://127.0.0.1:8501 /v1/models/bsp (take the bsp model as an example) 4. Start the bert-as-service third-party project and do encoding.

##External call: The external project requests service for this project through grpc. When the request is sent externally, the project will send the articles in the request to the above three tensorflow serving services, and stitch the returned results with manual features, using pre-training The xgboost model solves the final